Thank You cans like Harry day trying to
reach like 80k going door-to-door trying
to cop some more as the people if they
will donate the same note with that so
cake no need for all that that wine in
no matter how many times you shoot me
down I got the pride of like okay I
provide the food that they die near top
of the cans list and I'm climbing and it
wasn't too hard I've attached to me
because I still got time for this right
man but I collect fast and I'm flying
and got time shuck and jive if you ain't
got no cans to give then the dollar
gives you five on me get a couple let
your friend so right to the neighbor
hi runs a food drive and we keep the
vibes away we should come and II can't
for comfort but we help in our society
captain transform every house looking
for a ride seniors gonna collect Amala
but there's no denying me captain can so
fast at all my competition time okay
like doing these favors for the ones
that are in dire need I put in so much
work that even Walmart been doing this
about 30 years to let the kids when you
see Claire have you got any gear got
some cans at home damp reading here
going to fit four locations extra food
donations getting campus foundations
we've been doing this for generations so
collect some cans today I go as a tea
cake and we stay turned up cuz that's
the real clay way they acts as a way we
do it
then why we never stop cuz we 2013 we
don't ever take a break we do this for
the people so we're saving live
this beautify it's a food drive and my
homies on this zone we keepin clay alive
so if you stay it to you might get a
surprise cans make on their cans and may
go
I'm swagga hard upbeat till okay
stack your Kansas like thank you cash I
guess a bro thing cat now I'm doing
shows I'm stacking bands in that school
I'm stacking like it what's your real
name and that's your rapper name that's
home don't worry about it
this keep on stacking cans you ball the
net to mom became the fort no camera
well I guess the 13 taking home again
tell your friends tell your friend y'all
class no longer relevant
who's that you can't like I hated it you
ain't giving that you'd be relevant
ah they don't want to see me not only a
little girlfriend wanna be be many hands
heaven in your neighborhood not not read
them camel good I can't make up - man
can make a - can't let go
here's an icon - can I go - hands -
makeover here's a make on bass can to
make them back if you ain't got much
time plate please don't miss your chance
they come back they come back please
don't miss your chance play don't
collect okay and I just can't drop it
forward Candela watch me pose like a
plant picture bands and make her dance
but can to make her dance switch it up
you can bring honey but even if the
brand is different where your hand at
now where your cans at make it rain on
them but if they can't stand that no
cans and make her dance crazy make
artwork donate to the try you could even
get a t-shirt to kids in one freaking
hand
two cans ain't even speak the saying but
if you have a good reason to break it
can you could be damn and I'm just
saying it's easy quite handy hey you
know what y'all kind of like family we
can head to the kitchen up a dork up a
can because you know the pantry but it
can't be
this ain't no competition but these
seniors on the way they tell your class
to donate cans
if you feel in any different the plans
to make her dance
you the man will take your chance take
the stand maker dancing everybody yet
clay should just break a can of like
crazy